did you know that the white patch on
Brendan's head actually isn't his hair
ken sugimori said that it's actually
just a hat and that his hair is actually
black as seen on his back sprite
ketsu keyboard interior polka WADA's
gang guard and his least favorite
Pokemon is Venus or also this is
actually the second time the starters
file solutions have been leaked as you
know an excellent why the file
evolutions from spooky feta kit and
chest and relief before the game came
out did you know that Muse saved the
pokemon franchise was solid moderately
in Japan then people realize it's a
secret legendary that nobody knew about
then the word spread around all over the
playground and then Japan release event
in which detachable you then sales
quickly increased
the Kalos pokémon popularity changed
many times with the first evolutions it
was feted in first chespin second and
froakie third however when they got
their evolutions in Coral coral
September leak froakie well to first
fennekin drop the second chespin shot
all the way down to last what the final
evolution is in October is coro coro
League chespin shot all the way up to
first froak you bumped down to second
and fennekin fell all the way down to
third coincidentally this is how night
mage and ninja our class at RPG for my
most RPG fans well that was an
unexpected turn around was it hit did
you know that Arceus is considered the
god Pokemon and Garrett Tina considered
the devil poke one our kiss is
considered the guard Pokemon because of
many obvious reasons like creating the
Pokemon world are key has created all
matter in Pokemon he created alga and
Palkia in charge of time and space but
Garrett teen was bashed into another
dimension because of its bad behavior
doesn't that sound a lot like the
Christian story about how God banished
Satan to hell for the linear rebellion
against him well that's all the facts I
have today folks but remember to
subscribe because I'll be doing more of
these kind of videos fun stuff yay make
sure you click that subscribe button
because I'll be doing more facts and
trivia videos also check out my pokemon
x and y walkthrough gay we'll have lots
of fun and make sure to bring some juice
because i'll get really thirsty yeah
hey don't forget to get the subscribers
because subscribers makes me happy
Oh